yoga for cancer recovery at Wellspring
is designed specifically for cancer
patients and their caregivers who are in
the process of restoring their health
and wellness it is a very gentle style
of yoga designed to provide a fulfilling
yoga experience while also transferring
skills and techniques to support
self-managed yoga practice outside of
Wellspring like yoga for symptom
management this yoga program offers a
spirit spiritually calming and
physically healing experience
emphasizing the connection between mind
and body to help people gain control
over their physical and emotional
well-being yoga for cancer recovery
includes combined movements breathing
stretching body poses and
meditation all yoga programs are
available at all Wellspring centers
he
[Music]